Okay.
So in this lesson, I want to do a quick refactor of our test suite for our job filters, sidebar organizations
component.
As always, we're going to write a factory function and it's kind of up to us what we want that factory
function to produce.
In this case, what I'm going to do is target this configuration object.
It takes up a large chunk of each test, and I think it can help us simplify the tests a little bit,
while as always, removing a lot of the logic that we don't care about in an individual test such as
stubbing out the font awesome icon.
That's kind of a dependency that we need in order to avoid warnings, but we don't really care about
each test displaying this information.
So this is the perfect kind of stuff that we want to move out of an individual test to a factory.
So right here I'm going to say const create config and just to do a little bit of a different thing,
what I'm going to do here is provide a store.
Argument, and I'm not going to provide a default fallback value, which basically means that every
test is going to need to provide a store argument.
I'm okay with that later on.
If we have more than two tests in this file and we want to add a lot of customization to how we construct
this config or to a store, we may add that functionality.
But for now, I will demand that every time we invoke create config, I have to pass in a sample store.
So right here I'm going to implicitly return a JavaScript object.
And what I'm going to do is basically copy this content right here, starting from global all the way
to the end of that object.
I'm going to copy that and paste that right here.
So now I'm going to have my configuration object with a global property, with a marked object.
And whatever store that the test wants to pass in is what I'm going to use.
And then I'm also going to take care of the stubbing out of awesome icons.
All right.
So right here, for example, we have our store set up in the dollar sign store variable.
That's exactly what I want to pass to create config and it'll take care of the rest.
So right here, instead of providing this complex object in line here, I can simply invoke my create
store function from above.
We are now requiring that this function must get a argument from wherever it's being invoked.
So now I have to provide my store.
I will provide it from the line above.
And let's see why.
Creek not Creek Store.
My apologies.
Creek config is what we're looking for here.
Creek config because we're creating a config object.
So we're going to create config and we're going to give it a store and we're going to create the configuration
object for our mount function down below same principle we have our store set up with our getters and
our commit method right here.
Instead of providing that object, align that configuration object, we're simply going to generate
it using the create config function from up above and we're going to pass in our store.
And that should take care of it.
So I'm going to run that.
We can see nothing has broken, everything is still passing and everything is looking good.
We've isolated a little bit of this logic outside of each test.
Each test is now a little bit more tighter, a little bit more leaner and meaner.
So I like where we've headed with this.
All right.
So that completes our small refactor of this component.
And it's tests.
And I will see you in the next lesson.